SonarCloud Maven inline usage with JaCoCo XML report generation (#2528)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/sonarcloud.md

{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

> Please note the following:
- the "coverage" profile (defined in your POM file) activates the generation of the JaCoCo XML report
- "sonar.projectKey" can also be set as a property on the main POM file. Its value can be found on the right side of the project homepage on SonarCloud

Please take a look at the [live Maven-based example project](https://github.com/SonarSource/sq-com_example_java-maven-travis) to know more about this use case.

> Without POM update, or if you are [Testing Against Multiple JDKs](languages/java/#testing-against-multiple-jdks) (SonarCloud analysis should be executed only once), or need multiple steps Maven commands ; execute [JaCoCo XML report generation](https://www.eclemma.org/jacoco/trunk/doc/report-mojo.html) at end of your main build. Script section would be like:

Reviewer: Hey @axel3rd! 

Just to clarify a bit this paragraph, when you mention "without POM update", do you refer to defining the "coverage" profile in the POM file or something else?

Author: > do you refer to defining the "coverage" profile in the POM file or something else?

@MariadeAnton: Exactly !

=> Proposal:
```suggestion
Without POM update (e.g.: some profile defining *jacoco-maven-plugin* executions), or if you are [Testing Against Multiple JDKs](languages/java/#testing-against-multiple-jdks) (SonarCloud analysis should be executed only once), or need multiple steps Maven commands ; execute [JaCoCo XML report generation](https://www.eclemma.org/jacoco/trunk/doc/report-mojo.html) at end of your main build. Script section would be like:
```

Reviewer: What about saying this directly? 

> If you don't have profile defining *jacoco-maven-plugin-executions*, or if .... 

Would that convey the right message? Or are there other POM updates that could affect this behaviour?

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't have POM profile defining *jacoco-maven-plugin* executions, or if you are [Testing Against Multiple JDKs](languages/java/#testing-against-multiple-jdks) (SonarCloud analysis should be executed only once), or need multiple steps Maven commands ; execute [JaCoCo XML report generation](https://www.eclemma.org/jacoco/trunk/doc/report-mojo.html) at end of your main build. Script section would be like:
```

Author: > Would that convey the right message? Or are there other POM updates that could affect this behaviour?

Agree with this more simple phrase. No others impacts affecting this behavior.
